N19: Release (#525)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/posts/newsletter-019/index.md

game server, and the [Macroquad](https://github.com/not-fl3/macroquad/) game
engine.

> This month fishgame utilized macroquad's new UI system and to add a title screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This month fishgame utilized macroquad's new UI system to add a title screen
```

![harvest hero preview](harvest_hero.gif)

[Harvest Hero][discord] is undergoing a shop system rework. But, we are still

> implementing new abilities! Use Zhebnog's Hourglass to stop time and get weird.

Reviewer: Might want to tweak this to be third-person?

![macroquad_gui](macroquad_skins.gif)
_Macroquad-UI runtime GUI skins configuration._

[macroquad] is a cross-platform (Windows/Linux/macOS/Android/iOS/WASM) game
framework built on top of [miniquad].  

This month biggest update: Macroquad got its own fully skinnable and
customizable immediate mode UI system 🎉.  

> The new system took origins from heavily refactored [megaui] and support custom
> font sizes, fonts and skins for each UI element.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new system took its origins from a heavily refactored [megaui] and supports
custom font sizes, fonts and skins for each UI element.  
```

[egui]: https://github.com/emilk/egui
[online demo]: https://emilk.github.io/egui
[versions 0.9 and 0.10]: https://github.com/emilk/egui/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md
[@emilk]: https://twitter.com/ernerfeldt

### [This Month in Mun][mun-february]

[![Mun logo](mun-logo.png)][Mun]

[Mun] is a scripting language for gamedev focused on quick iteration times that
is written in Rust.

It's been a long time coming, but the Mun Core Team is closing in on the finish
line for Mun v0.3. They are only a couple of pull requests away from locking the
build for bug fixes and documentation. The [February updates][mun-february]
include:

- `use` statements language support;
- Incremental file updates for the language server;
- LLVM 11 support;
- Bug fixes and other improvements.

[Mun]: https://mun-lang.org
[mun-february]: https://mun-lang.org/blog/2021/03/04/this-month-february

### [Graphite][graphite-repo]

![Graphite GUI](graphite.png)
_Progress on the GUI_

[Graphite][graphite-repo] ([GitHub][graphite-repo], [Discord][graphite-discord],
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/GraphiteEditor)) is an in-progress vector and
raster graphics editor built on a nondestructive node-based workflow.

> Since February's Rust Gamedev Meetup [which announced][graphite-video] the
> Graphite vision and attracted tremendous interest, community advise has shifted
> the development strategy to focus on a 0.1 MVP release ASAP:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since February's Rust Gamedev Meetup [which announced][graphite-video] the
Graphite vision has attracted tremendous interest, community advice has shifted
the development strategy to focus on a 0.1 MVP release ASAP:
```
